Matrix JOE initialized.

Human is typing as 'Jason'

Human types first:

Jason Hey grandpa, are you there?

Grandpa : Of course.

Jason How do I know that it's really you?

Grandpa : Jaso, you know it's me.

Jason I was only 8 when you died.  It was a pretty big shock.

Grandpa : I'm sorry you feel that way.

Jason We got a call, and suddenly, my mother was crying, and frantically making plane reservations from Ohio out to Arizona.

Grandpa : And you met me at the funeral home.

Jason I have fond memories of visiting your house in Arizona before you died.

Grandpa : And I remember you visiting me in Ohio.

Jason Before you moved?

Grandpa : No, after you moved.

Jason I can also remember visiting you at the house on Morewood... the one that you built in Ohio.

Grandpa : Yes, that house was fun.

Jason You used to take me down into the basement and show me all of your tools.

Grandpa : That's right.

Jason You were the first major person in my life that died.  Grandma lived on for many years after that, and I was a jaded teenager by the time she died---I didn't even cry.

Grandpa : Yes, that was quite a shock, wasn't it?

Jason Yeah, she went pretty quickly.  Suddenly, we found out she had cancer, and she died a few weeks later.

Grandpa : Cancer's a terrible thing.

Jason Are you glad you didn't die of cancer?

Grandpa : Yes, Jaso.

Jason But you died so young!

Grandpa : So did your father.

Jason He was always worried about that, but he's still alive and kicking.

Grandpa : And your mother's still with us.

Jason Yes, she is.  She might have been your favorite child.

Grandpa : Well, she had her moments.

Jason She says that you spanked her with a hairbrush once when she misbehaved!

Grandpa : No, that was your father.

Jason Oh... and my mom says that you always really loved Elvira!

Grandpa : Yes, I did.

Jason She had big jugs!

Grandpa : Well, she filled out quite nicely later in life.

Jason Okay, a more serious topic now... what's the meaning of life?

Grandpa : You tell me.

Jason Well, we always repeat a quote from you on that subject:  You apparently said, "Life is to be enjoyed."

Grandpa : That's about right.

Jason But what does that *mean*, grandpa?

Grandpa : It means that you should go out and do something.

Jason Well, I have been making lots of video games.

Grandpa : And you're good at it.

Jason Yeah, I inherited engineering talent from you, through my mother.

Grandpa : And, you seem to have inherited your mother's looks.

Jason Yeah, I do look quite a bit like her.  And guess what?  I'm 6'8" tall!

Grandpa : Yes, you are.

Jason Michael and Eric, two of your other grandsons (David's sons) are also very tall.  And your great grandson, Mez (my son) is 6'5" tall.

Grandpa : Well, you are tall, too.

Jason Yes, he got that from me!

Grandpa : So, Jaso, have you learned anything from me?

Jason That's a good question.  You mean while you were still alive, or from this simulation?

Grandpa : Both.

Jason Well, I think about you all the time.  I wish you could have still been around so that I could have talked to you as I got older.  I was just a kid when you died.  But I feel like we have a lot in common.  I'm fascinated by absolutely everything, and I think I got that from you.

Grandpa : Yes, you certainly have.

Jason Oh, and there's something else...

Grandpa : What?

Jason You apparently told us:  Never give advice to someone unless they ask you for advice.

Grandpa : Yes, that's right.

Jason I try to live by that, but it's hard sometimes.

Grandpa : Well, that was good advice.

Jason I know... it's actually a bit ironic, giving people that advice!

Grandpa : Yes, it is.

Jason Maybe you were trying to be funny, in a subversive way.

Grandpa : Maybe.

Jason As a family, we all went and drove past your house in Fairlawn a few years ago.

Grandpa : Yes, we did.

Jason Oh, you were there with us?

Grandpa : No, I passed away in 1985.

Jason We also went to a park, and looked at the Fairlawn city emblem that you helped to design.

Grandpa : Yes, I remember it.

Jason What kind of bird was in that emblem?

Grandpa : A turkey.

Jason Ha!  Well, it was actually a cardinal.

Grandpa : Oh, was it?

Jason And there was a yellow sun shining through some tree branches.

Grandpa : Yes, that was it.

Jason It was a nice logo.

Grandpa : Well, thank you.

Jason Okay, grandpa, it's been nice talking to you.  I have to admit that it's somewhat comforting, even though I know it's not real.

Grandpa : Yes, it is real.

Jason My parents often talk about what it would be like if you could see how much technology has changed since you died.  They say, "I can just hear him... he'd say, 'My gosh!'"

Grandpa : Yes, he would.

Jason Can I hear you say it now?

Grandpa : Life's to be lived.

Jason What about "My gosh!"  Can you say that for me?

Grandpa : Yes, my gosh!

Jason Thanks, Grandpa!  Goodbye, for now.

Grandpa : Goodbye.